Add initial version of revised "What is polywrap" section (#319)
polywrap/documentation: src/docs/faq.md

---
id: faq
title: FAQ
---

## What is Polywrap?

> Polywrap is a framework for porable and composable SDKs. Polywrap calls these SDKs “wraps”. Wraps are essentially WebAssembly-based modules.

Reviewer: I added some spice! And I provided a deeper explanation of "portable", "composable", and the value we provide.

> Polywrap is a framework for porable and composable SDKs. Polywrap calls these SDKs “wraps”. Wraps are essentially WebAssembly-based modules.

Reviewer 2: I really like how this is written. While I think it's a bit detailed for the first part of the Q&A, I'd rather add it than not have it. We can always shift it around in the future.

- Internally, the client:
  - Fetches the requested wrap
  - Executes the wrap's function inside a WebAssembly runtime
- The client returns the result of the wrap's function call back to the application

Or, if you prefer diagrams:

![Client fetches wrap](/img/docs/faq/1-load.png)
![Client executes wrap and returns execution result](/img/docs/faq/2-exec.png)
## Where do wraps come from?

Wraps can be bundled with the application, or loaded from external sources: file storage, the Internet, you name it. Clients allows developers to configure this.

## Who/what can use wraps?

Wraps are used within apps and other wraps. They are defined via their metadata, which allows apps to integrate wraps, and wraps to import other wraps.

## Why wraps?

- Wraps can run and live anywhere:
  - Clients exist in [many languages](/clients).
  - Wraps can be bundled with apps or downloaded when needed.
- Wraps can call other wraps:
  - Wrap metadata is imported at built-time.
  - Wrap code is executed at run-time.
- Wraps help secure your app:
  - They execute in a secure WebAssembly environment.
  - They don't have direct access to their host environment.

## How do I access host capabilities?

> Wraps can import host functions defined by the application developer. These native functions allow wraps to access host capabilities. Polywrap packages these capabilities as “plugins”.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Polywrap has a plugin system that enables application developers to allow access to host capabilities. Wraps can call host functions defined in plugins. Plugins are also infused with Polywrap superpowers--bindings that allow them to appear to the Polywrap client and be invoked just like a wrap.

Unlike wraps, plugins are not portable. Plugins are written in a Polywrap Client's native language, and must be registered with the client at runtime.
```

Reviewer: I added more to this one as well. If you like what I'm doing, let me know and I can look at the other questions more closely as well.
